welcome to slash forward
in this episode we're going to keep
things both spooky and spiritual with
the recent witches tale of the wretched
if you've ever wanted to open up a skin
flap and let someone just climb on in
subscribe to the channel let's get to it
we opened on a well-played yard outside
a small home 35 years ago a young lady
in a raincoat approaches the house and
lets herself in she's here for a
babysitting gig and is looking to
relieve the parents of their duties but
the house is quiet and the phone is off
the hook
she checks in with her mom to let her
know she's arrived and prematurely
assesses everything to be
all good then she hears a door closed so
she hops off the horn and again goes
looking for the residents of the
household
eventually venturing into the dark
basement she follows some squishy sounds
and discovers that joanne failed to
notify her that they wouldn't be needing
her services that evening
rude and then she gets locked in the
basement we then flash forward to five
days ago where ben
our protagonist dreams of drowning but
is actually on a bus that drops him off
at the outskirts of a small town where
folks like to go just to slow down a
little bit do things a little
differently you know he's come to visit
with his dad
recently separated from his mom and he's
going to be roughing it your tv
doesn't have an hdmi port you see papa's
into using the whole universe as his tv
and he also likes getting deep bringing
up ben's arm injury a topic they
ultimately save for another time
the next morning ben notices they have
some new neighbors who liam doesn't
actually know
they get a lot of temporary residence
due to all the vacation homes in the
area
a fact that is helpful for the family
business a nearby harbor that liam runs
then does his best to maintain order and
make daddy proud but he also has a hard
time asserting his authority to the
local chats he's quickly distracted from
this failure when he meets mallory who's
a little bit different you know she's
not like
other girls she busts his balls a little
and then agrees to show him the ropes
despite this he sees his dad canoodling
with his new lady and it puts him right
back into a sour mood
meanwhile nearby in the woods we see the
new neighbors venturing off trail into
the vast wilderness
a perfect plan for amateur hikers along
their way we observed some familiar
markings on the trees when dylan gets
separated from his mommy he thinks he
hears her calling gently and then
aggressively demanding he'd come give
her a hand inside this dark hollow but
when abby reveals herself to be
elsewhere it snaps him out of it and the
mysterious tree disappears
back at the house we see that abs struck
a buck on her way home and is planning
to get all up in them
guts but as she proceeds to carve open
her prize she finds that she likely
perforated the liver
as the rancid internals spill out all
over the truck they go ahead and leave
the cleanup for another day pretty much
ensuring it'll be a far worse job
and we see that their dear friend had
his own little friend hiding out inside
presumably looking now for the warmth of
a new body
ben wakes up that night to the sound of
footsteps upstairs but since he's on the
top floor that means the roof
so he goes poking around and finds a
raccoon under the neighbor's porch
before he can make any additional
zoological discoveries the floodlight
comes on they have a brief interaction
and then all go back to bed
the next morning finds ben rushing
around to make it to work on time and he
has only a moment to warn dylan away
from the raccoon hole
on the drive-in he also tells his dad
that he wants to meet sarah his
potential
new mommy later on he tries to enjoy the
simple pleasure of having a porn break
at work but he gets busted in on and
learns that mallory may have a crush on
him while back at home we see the plant
life in the area is wilting
thinking further of the prior night's
experience he makes a deal with dylan
free access to the popsicle supply so
long as dylan promises to let him know
if anything strange happens at his house
then he's off to the c-store to complete
the impossible task of locating
gluten-free dinner rolls
to accommodate sarah's dietary needs at
their dinner that evening
here mal provides an alternative option
for him coming to a wicked teen party
full of sexual degenerates
he is slow to turn but does eventually
succumb to the call and ditches out on
his dad
this proves to be a good move because
this party is raunchy my friends
he and mal hide a way to play a little
truth game and we learn that ben's a bad
boy
having broke his arm after jumping out
of his neighbor's second floor window
while trying to escape capture after
breaking in to score some vicodin after
they each bear their secrets he feels
the mood right to make an attempt but he
yaks in her lap
back at our couplet of homes dylan hears
a strange noise and it's loud enough to
wake the baby abby goes to check on him
and everything checks out okay
but only because she can't muster the
effort to watch for a few seconds longer
meanwhile back at the party ben
willingly allows himself to be thirst
trapped into the pool
in the hope it'll work out to his
benefit it does result in some naked
splashy games with a naughty girl
but as could be predicted this was just
a setup to a classic bad boy
prank unfortunately it also destroys his
budding relationship with mallory
after a bit dylan wakes up abby who
checks the monitor again before going to
check on the old baby this time she
finds that he's gone but has been
replaced with a bundle of twigs
so they're even up before she can
process this she gets dragged under what
must be a remarkably tall crib which is
followed by some squish noises
ben arrives home from his fresh failure
just in time to see her wandering off
into the woods
baby in hand but liam rolls up before he
can address this
he was concerned for ben's safety and
tries to force him to apologize for what
he did
the resulting outburst about sarah
apologizing some [ __ ] you're sleeping
with
turns awkward when we find that she's
actually still there the next day we see
that abby has returned from her sojourn
into the woods
and is just hanging out around the house
then ben heads into work and takes a
moment to prank the pranksters while
back at the house dylan goes looking for
his mom to make him a sandwich
and is startled to find her standing
nude in the hallway ben arrives home
after a long workday and hears some
strange noises upstairs
he sneaks up and finds that dylan and
his rabbit now occupy his room
dylan is looking for a place where his
mom won't be naked and begs ben to not
let her into the house
he tries to talk his way out of the
situation and set some clear boundaries
but abs is insistent on coming in and
decides to get nasty about it
you're a very stupid boy what a savage
and then when daddy arrives dylan runs
right out exposing ben's lies
and then he starts to get the sense that
something's not quite right here as
dylan gets tucked in he tries to warn
his dad about how mom's been acting
weird
uh you should have seen her at burning
man not like that you turd
malory then calls ben after finding a
peace offering he left for her but his
priorities are still all jacked as he's
too distracted by watching his neighbors
prepare to sex each other hard
the lights do get turned out for ben but
not for us and we witness some mirror
shenanigans going down
the next day ben finds a dylan no-showed
for his sailing lesson so he scrambles
off to check on him but when he arrives
at the house dylan's dad insists that he
doesn't have any kids and he maintains
this despite ben's best arguments to the
contrary
since ben is pretty sure he has kids
this makes him awfully suspicious
so he takes the obvious first step of
checking for evidence under the welcome
mat
and he finds a symbol that's familiar to
us we find out that this was all he
needed to really blow the lid off this
thing
as he takes a picture and does an image
search which leads him down an internet
rabbit hole about a body-hopping witch
from folklore who feeds on children as
he tries to convince malory of the
danger
we also learn that he boned up on witch
repelling techniques by watching hocus
pocus and they both get creeped out as
abby spookly throws away some garbage
but mal has to get back to work because
they're not all privileged enough to
work for daddy so she stirs the pot
leaving a little message for them as she
goes
this almost drives the neighbor to the
cellar but then abby hits him with some
witchy enticements that take purchase in
his ear
the next morning domestic activities
continue in the normal mode and abby
gets in a rejuvenating shower as she
tries to keep her skin from slagging off
she then goes to visit ben before he can
complete his salt circle and gives him
back the note so
now he knows that she knows that he
knows bed up he gets the bolt cutters
and uses them to smash in the cellar
door
downstairs he finds a creepy little
shrine and a picture of mallory and her
sister he calls to warn her to watch her
sister but she has no idea who he's
talking about
ben tries to rush in to play the hero
but is way laid when it comes time to
pay his tab for past transgressions this
results in him making it into the woods
just a little bit too late and then he
bonks his noggin putting an end to any
hope he had of pulling lily out of the
tree
when he gets back home he finds there's
a whole to do about his breaking into
the home next door
since he has a history of this and of
going around hopped up on goofballs his
story of missing kids and witchcraft
don't go overwhelm when ben retires to
the kitchen he finds sarah there
suspiciously taking her coffee with a
buttload of cream
just like witches do and then the plants
in the area begin wilting
just like as if in the presence of
witches so he assaults her and then just
digs himself deeper as there's no choice
now but to have him arrested
as they drive off ben realizes that the
officers are also victims of the witch's
whispers but luckily liam is restless
enough that she doesn't quite get him
before he heads out the door
the arresting officer decides to forgo
all that pesky paperwork by taking ben
out to a secluded field where he can
just drown him and say he got lost along
the way
but right as ben goes limp he's saved by
a friendly dog or
a dog that's unfriendly depending on
whether or not you're a police officer
the resulting emotional turmoil causes
the officer to kill himself
back at home liam decides to trust his
son for once and goes to check out that
seller but he sees the neighbor going
into the garage instead so he follows
him in and
up the stairs here is where he finds the
new shrine to witchcraft along with
abby's hollowed-out carcass
he finally now understands that ben has
been a truth-telling junkie this whole
time but he comes to this realization
just as sarah appears behind him and
reduces his kidney function by 50
then he's the victim of an epic choking
from which the witch peeks out at the
last moment
only to be saved by ben coming in guns
blazing as he puts all that fortnight
practice to good use
and then they witness the miracle of
birth as they drive off we get a big
reveal here that ben has a younger
brother who's been missing this whole
time
forgotten due to the witch's influence
ben goes to the woods to try to save him
and finds mallory there
now remembering her sister when they
find the magical tree he ventures into
his dark recesses and eventually finds
nathan
sending him out to safety he lingers
within the bowels of the tree and
eventually finds lily but freeing her
requires a confrontation with the witch
who they repel with a classic polaroid
flash antler stab battle combo
as they emerge they keep her back with
some salt giving just enough time for
liam to take advantage of her biggest
weakness
a truck to the face in the end we see
they're all moving on and getting
treatment
and that they burn the tree to free
themselves to the witch's curse
ben says his goodbyes to mallory before
heading off with his mom and dad
however when he leaves we see that his
special little memento is actually made
of plastic
leaving us with the insinuation that he
possibly made out with a nasty old witch
i have a website set up where you can
support the channel through donations or
merch i'd like to take a moment to give
a huge thanks to my donors memorialized
in the hall of head shots
[Music]
the wretched is a pretty good
direct-to-home release there was a nice
well thought out mythology here and a
good twist
it just seemed like the filmmakers may
have lost themselves a bit in the
convolutions of the plot
if you enjoyed the video i'd love for
you to become part of the channel by
subscribing
thanks for watching